Add basic release content tagging workflow (#18568)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/release_notes_template.md

---
title: Feature name
authors: ["@FerrisTheCrab", "@BirdObsessed"]
pull_requests: [14791, 15458, 15269]
---

> Copy the contents of this file into `./release-notes`, update the metadata, and add release note content here. You may use markdown headings levels one through three, and must not start with a heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the contents of this file into `./release-notes`, update the metadata, and add release note content here. You may use markdown headings starting from H3 (`###`), and must not start with a heading. Use backticks when mentioning types either in the title or the content body (e.g. `Vec<T>`), specially for the ones with generics as they'll be interpreted as HTML.
```

H1 will already be used in the page for the post title and H2 for the front-matter `title`.

Author: My tool will translate these into headings into the correct level during the merge step.
